Okay,
guys are welcome back.
And now for a finishing touch,
we're gonna add a beautiful pie chart.
Just about here.
Now,
what we're gonna do The reason we didn't recall this in the first place is because we
actually want to create the pie chart off of one of the pivot tables here.
And that's this one just here.
So woman do its record.
New macro doesn't my white skin because women bush you in a minute.
Anyway,
select all of that data to come up to insert just like we did before.
Recommended charts on I'm gonna choose pie.
Andi,
this one on the hit,
okay,
And that's gonna pace that somewhere where we don't want it.
Now,
the easiest way to position these things is to hit,
cut and then paste the way you want them to go.
So actually wanted to be here,
so it's in line with these pivot tables.
It's gonna be too large.
We know that's going to go over the borders,
but we can sort that out without clever little columns with thing on Rose height thing.
Okay,
for now,
what I'm gonna do is just stop recording and then we'll go and have a look at the code that
we've just generated.
So nice and simple.
This is a range D 23 to e 27 dot select.
Now we know that we don't need that part because it specified here.
But what we do need to do is do a current region and select the data that way.
So for now,
what I'm doing,
just call this pie chart and I'm gonna copy all of that code.
Copy.
I'm gonna come back.
Teoh,
He have you Project Explorer module one on Pace it under here.
So I'm also gonna add pie chart toe run order so I don't forget it.
So way off the top at commentary pie charts,
they go.
So there,
that's going to run as the last thing that we do.
So back down into this code,
what we have is range D 23 to e 27 dot select.
We do not need that.
I want to delete the comments as well.
Let me just bring that up a little bit s So what we do have is add the new pie chart.
We definitely want to be doing that.
So that adds chart What we need to do is specify this data range now because we're actually
in the sheet.
We don't have to say she 20 to weaken.
Just simply say,
here,
range open brackets.
What this starts of our range is gonna be.
So it's going to be D 23 in this particular instance dot current region current region dot
uh,
dress on.
That should give us the data range that we're looking for.
That's where I scrolled.
We most definitely don't need that part.
Here's where we could on we pasted a g 23.
No,
we definitely still want to do that because it is by far the easiest way to position it.
And here we have active window scroll down,
and that's where I was scrolling around.
We certainly don't want that in that.
But what we do want is that neat trick that we use a little earlier on this table to be
able to size it precisely.
So let's just scroll up a bit.
So we find that really clever,
better code.
Where was it?
It was in not profit by day.
It wasn't profit by day,
and here it is a problem I can change the comment on that as well.
So it's convinced the button on,
Well,
pace that underneath just here.
So there we go.
So we will call this sizing,
sizing the charge and delete the rest of it.
OK,
now the other thing we need to do is rename its immediately after we've created X Wouldn't
see here.
This is calling for the charts called Profit by Day chart.
And that is not what we want we actually wants is the name of this charts,
and you'll remember it has a weird naming convention is active child apparent dot name.
So I'm gonna copy that bit of code,
come down to the bottom here,
sort of mean about reusing your code.
So in between here,
we can add ever every name bit eso the newly created child,
which is gonna be this one.
We're going to call it.
We'll just call it by charge because that's nice and easy play charts.
And then we'll change the references of here two pie charts and here two pie charts Bubble
bubble on.
Let's have a look at the range We actually wanted to go from a column g two column L So
here.
We're going to say t to help,
and that is going to cover A with On a range is going to be from Where is it?
It's going to be from Road 23 to row 33.
23 to 33 23 2 33 Now,
it doesn't matter that we we have specified a here instead of G because the column height
at a is exactly same as the column height at G.
So what I'm gonna do is just delete now.
Yes,
I know I'm gonna select the source states sheet,
but then I'm gonna come right up to our running order and I am gonna run all way through to
pay chart,
debug,
run to cursor that there's our data so far.
Just gonna move that out the way so we can see what's going on back here.
It's a great there's our chart.
There it is.
Could paste it.
RG three resize on resize on.
Let's have a look at that.
They go that fits perfectly within our boundaries.
I never did change the size of this one,
did I?
So let's just go and do that now.
That was on profit by day and wasn't it?
So profit by and a profit by day on,
we don't want to go to.
And we wanted to go over to help.
Okay,
so in the next lecture,
what we're gonna do is pretty this up a little bit.
We're gonna record three individual macros extract the better code we want and tag it onto
what we've just done.
OK,
I'll see you in the next lecture.